os/linux/docker/jenkins/jenkins-manager/README.md, before:

# `os/linux/docker/jenkins/jenkins-manager/`

## About
This directory builds the Jenkins Manager (aka 'Jenkins Master') container.

## Usage
Prerequisites: Docker, Make.

 - To build the container, run:
   ```bash
   $ make docker-build
   ```
 - To run the container, run:
   ```bash
   $ ./docker-run.sh
   ```
 - To clear out the old Jenkins volume (to start from scratch), run:
   ```bash
   $ make docker-clean
   ```
 - To run a bash shell inside a running Jenkins container, run:
   ```bash
   $ make docker-exec
   ```
   Then you can do things like explore the */var/jenkins_home* directory live (as opposed to mounting the volume into another container).

## Files

### `jenkins.yaml`
 - This is the default JCasC configuration, with a default user:password of "admin:admin". Obviously you should change this... There are several examples of JCasC configuration here: https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/tree/master/demos (I suggest the GitHub-OAuth method)

### `plugins.txt`
 - These are the Jenkins plugins that will be downloaded and installed **at build time**. Best practice is to start with a list like this, then extract the installed versions at run-time, and pin the version numbers in the `plugins.txt` file, so that upgrades in the future don't break your Jenkins jobs. (It's quite common for plugin updates to just randomly break things)

### `env`
 - Environment variables loaded by the `Makefile` and `docker-run.sh` script.

### `docker-run.sh`
 - This script will just run the Docker container with the '8080' port exposed, and pass along any command-line arguments. It also creates a Docker volume for `/var/jenkins_home`, and volume-mounts the local directories `~/.aws`, `~/.ssh`, and `/var/run/docker.sock` file, making it easier for you to test Jenkins on your local system.

Commit message:

Add changes to better run Docker containers from Manager, doc updates
In order to map the /var/run/docker.sock from one's host OS, one needs to
map in the GID of the docker group from the host into the container. This
maps that value from the env file into the docker build.

Also included are some documentation updates, configuration file updates,
and additional plugins.

os/linux/docker/jenkins/jenkins-manager/README.md, after:

# `os/linux/docker/jenkins/jenkins-manager/`

## About
This directory builds the Jenkins Manager (aka 'Jenkins Master') container.

## Usage
Prerequisites: Docker, Make.

 - To build the container, run:
   ```bash
   $ make docker-build
   ```
 - To run the container, run:
   ```bash
   $ ./docker-run.sh
   ```
 - To clear out the old Jenkins volume (to start from scratch), run:
   ```bash
   $ make docker-clean
   ```
 - To run a bash shell inside a running Jenkins container, run:
   ```bash
   $ make docker-exec
   ```
   Then you can do things like explore the */var/jenkins_home* directory live (as opposed to mounting the volume into another container).

## Files

### `jenkins.yaml`
 - This is the default JCasC configuration, with a default user:password of "admin:admin". Obviously you should change this... There are several examples of JCasC configuration here: https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/tree/master/demos (I suggest the GitHub-OAuth method)

### `plugins.txt`
 - These are the Jenkins plugins that will be downloaded and installed **at build time**. Best practice is to start with a list like this, then extract the installed versions at run-time, and pin the version numbers in the `plugins.txt` file, so that upgrades in the future don't break your Jenkins jobs. (It's quite common for plugin updates to just randomly break things)

### `env`
 - Environment variables loaded by the `Makefile` and `docker-run.sh` script. Useful variables to note:
   - **DOCKER_GID** - This should be the group ID of the Docker group on your local host. This way when you try to use `/var/run/docker.sock` from a Jenkins container, it will have permissions to write to the socket. This is used by the `Dockerfile` at build time.

### `docker-run.sh`
 - This script will just run the Docker container with the '8080' port exposed, and pass along any command-line arguments. It also creates a Docker volume for `/var/jenkins_home`, and volume-mounts the local directories `~/.aws`, `~/.ssh`, and `/var/run/docker.sock` file, making it easier for you to test Jenkins on your local system.
